Docs/offboarding process (#102)
thoth-tech/handbook: docs/peopleops/offboarding/offboarding-process.md

# Offboarding process

> Handover and offboarding of employees is an important process for a number of reasons:

Reviewer: reword:

```suggestion
Thoth Tech understands the importance of handover and offboarding. Reasons include:
```

- data security and risk management;
- efficient organisation and company administration;
- a chance to get final feedback and review from exiting members; and

> - a opportunity to put the company in a strong position to continue developing projects that run

Reviewer: reword:
```suggestion
- a opportunity to place the company in a strong position to continue developing projects that run
```

  across capstone trimesters.

## Update and correctly store all relevant documents

Ensure that all projects' documentation and processes are up-to-date and have been stored in the
correct location of the relevant [Thoth Tech repository](https://github.com/thoth-tech) on GitHub.
Documentation should be clear enough for subsequent members to easily follow, understand and, as

> necessary, continue work on projects.

Reviewer: Clarity: Might be better to clarify what goes where. Better not to rely on the users.
Documentation to docs repo
Processes to handbook
Code to relevant repo

Author: Thanks, @talzid. Done :)

## Handover Document

Complete handover document and showcase according to the capstone requirements for the relevant
trimester. Ensure ALL relevant PR or document links are included. Ensure a markdown copy of the
handover document is uploaded to the relevant
[Thoth Tech repository](<(https://github.com/thoth-tech)>)

## Exit Survey

> 

Reviewer: should add a comment stating when these were updated last.
Same for onboarding forms

Reviewer 2: Would the Git history and timestamp be sufficient? 🤔

Author: Added.

Exiting seniors should undertake the
[Senior Exit Interview](https://forms.office.com/Pages/DesignPage.aspx?origin=NeoPortalPage#FormId=7Hgj0IgW1UaFQBwotfRw9mRQ8baZZ01Ep6tAGY0fXmNUNDZUSVM3R0UzRDc3UDgxQkdCVVIzVUNHWS4u)
survey so that feedback can be collected and assessed to allow the Thoth Tech leadership to see what
went well and what opportunities for improvement may exist.

Juniors should complete the
[What do you want to do next?](https://forms.office.com/Pages/DesignPage.aspx?origin=NeoPortalPage#FormId=7Hgj0IgW1UaFQBwotfRw9pCshblNu_9FhxlIpGGIxEhUQ1RHNk5IWEs1SVlBSE1QOUxNMERQUFFTUy4u)
form to give the leadership team (current and incoming) an opportunity to reassess the member's role
and to plan for projects and team and role allocation for the next trimester.

## Remove Accounts & Access

For all exiting members:

- [ ] Remove Thoth Tech [GitHub](https://github.com/orgs/thoth-tech/teams) access
- [ ] Remove from Thoth Tech [Trello](https://trello.com) boards

> - [ ] Remove from company Teams Channels

Reviewer: I imagine the tutors would have permissions for this, not the students?

Author: I am not great/haven't been involved with with the Teams channel admin but knew some students seemed to create their own - perhaps I should add detail to help specify this better (or perhaps members removed from Thoth Tech will automatically be pulled from any channels within Thoth Tech) - @tancnle thoughts? Do we still need this? I would imagine it would be at least relevant for those who created their own brand new "teams", but...

> - [ ] Cancel/remove any recurring team meetings

Reviewer: A godsend this will be. Nothing worse than this

[Thoth Tech repository](<(https://github.com/thoth-tech)>)

## Exit Survey

Exiting seniors should undertake the
[Senior Exit Interview](https://forms.office.com/Pages/DesignPage.aspx?origin=NeoPortalPage#FormId=7Hgj0IgW1UaFQBwotfRw9mRQ8baZZ01Ep6tAGY0fXmNUNDZUSVM3R0UzRDc3UDgxQkdCVVIzVUNHWS4u)
survey so that feedback can be collected and assessed to allow the Thoth Tech leadership to see what
went well and what opportunities for improvement may exist.

Juniors should complete the
[What do you want to do next?](https://forms.office.com/Pages/DesignPage.aspx?origin=NeoPortalPage#FormId=7Hgj0IgW1UaFQBwotfRw9pCshblNu_9FhxlIpGGIxEhUQ1RHNk5IWEs1SVlBSE1QOUxNMERQUFFTUy4u)
form to give the leadership team (current and incoming) an opportunity to reassess the member's role
and to plan for projects and team and role allocation for the next trimester.

## Remove Accounts & Access

For all exiting members:

- [ ] Remove Thoth Tech [GitHub](https://github.com/orgs/thoth-tech/teams) access
- [ ] Remove from Thoth Tech [Trello](https://trello.com) boards
- [ ] Remove from company Teams Channels
- [ ] Cancel/remove any recurring team meetings
- [ ] Remove Thoth Tech [Miro](https://miro.com) access

> - [ ] Remove any Thoth Tech [Form](https://forms.office.com/) access

Reviewer 2: I think this would be removed automatically as part of the team channels access removal 🤔 The team member will no longer have access to the Sharepoint folders and associated docs, forms included.

Author: Ah, cool - just tagged you on something similar @tancnle. You answered half my question (sorry, I copied these straight from the categories in the ownership Trello card). Not sure if I should mention at all; as mentioned previously, may be an issue for those who created their own teams (maybe) but they probably shouldn't have done that in the first place, so.... I might just remove.
[Update: re-included per Teams discussions]
